README.md, before:

link to informational

https://www.codecademy.com/journeys/full-stack-engineer/paths/fscj-22-building-interactive-websites/tracks/fscj-22-git-and-github-part-i/modules/wdcp-22-introduction-to-github-beddaab4-bbb4-4be7-ba2d-76e9743caac7/articles/getting-started-git-and-github

# Getting Started with Git and GitHub (Videos)

**This article introduces the basic concepts of Git and GitHub, and how to get started setting up Git on your computer for both Mac and Windows.**

The videos below will walk you through setting up Git and GitHub on your computer for both Mac and Windows so that you can start to use version control and collaboration tools like a pro.


Youtube

Lesson Supplement Getting Started With Git and Github

Mac OSX


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMDbJ0DDuug


Lesson Supplement Getting Started with Git and GitHub

Windows PCs

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sMmrYTtQgE


**NG: the following is being added from a followiing lesson**

Starting a Code Base on GitHub

https://www.codecademy.com/journeys/full-stack-engineer/paths/fscj-22-building-interactive-websites/tracks/fscj-22-git-and-github-part-i/modules/wdcp-22-introduction-to-github-beddaab4-bbb4-4be7-ba2d-76e9743caac7/videos/starting-a-code-base-on-github

video
Starting a code base on GitHub

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFxuHc9AUzg

Commit message:

updated the README.md with more video lessons from Codecademy

README.md, after:

link to informational

https://www.codecademy.com/journeys/full-stack-engineer/paths/fscj-22-building-interactive-websites/tracks/fscj-22-git-and-github-part-i/modules/wdcp-22-introduction-to-github-beddaab4-bbb4-4be7-ba2d-76e9743caac7/articles/getting-started-git-and-github

# Getting Started with Git and GitHub (Videos)

**This article introduces the basic concepts of Git and GitHub, and how to get started setting up Git on your computer for both Mac and Windows.**

The videos below will walk you through setting up Git and GitHub on your computer for both Mac and Windows so that you can start to use version control and collaboration tools like a pro.


Youtube

Lesson Supplement Getting Started With Git and Github

Mac OSX


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMDbJ0DDuug


Lesson Supplement Getting Started with Git and GitHub

Windows PCs

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sMmrYTtQgE


**NG: the following is being added from a following lesson**

Starting a Code Base on GitHub

https://www.codecademy.com/journeys/full-stack-engineer/paths/fscj-22-building-interactive-websites/tracks/fscj-22-git-and-github-part-i/modules/wdcp-22-introduction-to-github-beddaab4-bbb4-4be7-ba2d-76e9743caac7/videos/starting-a-code-base-on-github

video
Starting a code base on GitHub

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFxuHc9AUzg


**MORE**

How to Push Code to GitHub
link:

https://www.codecademy.com/journeys/full-stack-engineer/paths/fscj-22-building-interactive-websites/tracks/fscj-22-git-and-github-part-i/modules/wdcp-22-introduction-to-github-beddaab4-bbb4-4be7-ba2d-76e9743caac7/videos/how-to-push-code-to-github

youtube video
How to Push Code to Github

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrb7Gge9yoE
